[Feature] Support YOLOv8 training (#458)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: configs/yolov8/README.md

1. We use 8x A100 for training, and the single-GPU batch size is 16. This is different from the official code, but has no effect on performance.
2. The performance is unstable and may fluctuate by about 0.3 mAP and the highest performance weight in `COCO` training in `YOLOv8` may not be the last epoch. The performance shown above is the best model.

> 3. We provide a script for [official weight transfer to MMYOLO](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/tree/dev/tools/model_converters/yolov8_to_mmyolo.py)

Author: ```suggestion
3. We provide a script for [converting official weights to MMYOLO](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/tree/dev/tools/model_converters/yolov8_to_mmyolo.py)
```

| YOLOv8-m |  P5  | 640  | Yes |    x     |  49.8  | [config](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/tree/dev/configs/yolov8/yolov8_m_syncbn_8xb16-500e_coco.py) | [model](x) \| [log](x) |
| YOLOv8-l |  P5  | 640  | Yes |    x     |   xx   | [config](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmyolo/tree/dev/configs/yolov8/yolov8_l_syncbn_8xb16-500e_coco.py) | [model](x) \| [log](x) |

**Note**
In the official YOLOv8 code, the [bbox annotation](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/0cb87f7dd340a2611148fbf2a0af59b544bd7b1b/ultralytics/yolo/data/dataloaders/v5loader.py#L1011), [`random_perspective`](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/0cb87f7dd3/ultralytics/yolo/data/dataloaders/v5augmentations.py#L208) and [`copy_paste`](https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/blob/0cb87f7dd3/ultralytics/yolo/data/dataloaders/v5augmentations.py#L208) data augmentation in COCO object detection task training uses mask annotation information, which leads to higher performance. Object detection should not use mask annotation, so only box annotation information is used in `MMYOLO`. In order to align with the official performance, we will support this feature in the next version.

> 1. We use 8x A100 for training, and the single-GPU batch size is 16. This is different from the official code, but has no effect on performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We use 8 x A100 for training, and the single-GPU batch size is 16. This is different from the official code, but has no effect on performance.
```
